- Reaper society is kind of like a corporation. The characters wear suits and long jackets over them. They generally always have a neck piece as well (protect ya neck).
	- Perhaps too similar to Chainsaw Man.
- They use scythes. I want to take advantage of touch screens to actually sever enemy heads to reap them.
	- I wanted katanas but then it's too similar to Bleach.

## **Real Life Reapers**
An integrated world. Not a seperate, spirit world that people aren't aware of. This is an alternate, spiritual, surreal world where things just kind of happen that are hard to understand. The world is aware of Reapers, lost souls and their job as collectors. Just another facet of life that people don't really like to think about so their job happens mostly underground. Kind of like morticians and grave diggers. Reapers exist in real life. Life is surreal and things aren't really explained. Emotions have more of an efect on the real world.

Action. Inaction. to accomplish something. what is the point. Maybe sei has no backstory. Because there never needed to be one. He is the way he is because that's the way he is. it's a personal story. Nihilism. Why do anything. Why accomplish anything. You are just going to die. I have to try. Not for you. But for me. There is no lesson. Only failure.

Their regret manifests as a power that changes reality. Someone who was grass always greener has the power to alternate reality. What is Sei and ejis regret. Someone who wishes they love changes reality so that people always fall in love with them. There’s an item shop owner that people aren’t able to reap because of this so they just leave her alone. Maybe eji was the hikkiomori. He’s a cool guy. His regret was he was a shut in. And now everyone likes him. It’s a facade though. What does he have to leave on if no one remembers him. How can he ever find his happy story. Or maybe that’s Sei. And he found peace through eji. The ending doesn’t change. You still reap sei. Nothing changes if I die happy or I die sad. In the end. I still died. Who cares what happens in the end. What happens now. Right here. The regrets aren’t just the big moments. It’s the small ones. The everyday. Stifling your feelings doesn’t mean you die without regrets. Without strong feeling First phase is seis responsibility to the world. Wishing he had purpose. Second phase is relationships. Wishing he connected. Or maybe that’s split. Eji is purpose. That’s why his power is to achieve what sei couldn’t. He’s earnest to learn. Be a good reaper. He thinks sei is similar which is why the attacks focus there in the first phase. But that’s not his regret. The point to live is to do something vs loving people.

The earlier mission was career choice. Guy wishes he became an artist or something. Sei hates lover girl because they are similar. Lover girl is a secret boss. Force striking is reversed because of your aversion to attacking her. Similarly eji hates the hikkiomori. If he’s too good at his job then Eji will move on. But he doesn’t because he doesn’t feel like it’s right.

Lost souls are trapped in the regret. Reapers flip the regret and live their ability. Never explicitly state this

Reapers need to be invited. Use spells to lock pick or break down doors.